README.md, before:


# Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

# Legal Notices

Microsoft and any contributors grant you a license to the Microsoft documentation and other content
in this repository under the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International Public License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode),
see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file, and grant you a license to any code in the repository under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT), see the
[LICENSE-CODE](LICENSE-CODE) file.

Microsoft, Windows, Microsoft Azure and/or other Microsoft products and services referenced in the documentation
may be either trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft in the United States and/or other countries.
The licenses for this project do not grant you rights to use any Microsoft names, logos, or trademarks.
Microsoft's general trademark guidelines can be found at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=254653.

Privacy information can be found at https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/

Microsoft and any contributors reserve all other rights, whether under their respective copyrights, patents,
or trademarks, whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise.

Commit message:

Initial import from orta/typescript-notes

README.md, after:

# TypeScript Compiler Notes

This repo is a corpus of notes from many engineers over time on different systems inside the TypeScript codebase. It is not meant as a "one true" source of authoritative documentation for the TypeScript compiler API, but as a way to ease contributions to the [`microsoft/TypeScript`](https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript) repo.

## Get Started

If you are completely new to the TypeScript codebase, this YouTube video covers all of the major systems involved in converting files to JavaScript, and type-checking types which will provide a high level guide to what you may be interested in focusing on: 

<a href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X8k_4tZ16qU&list=PLYUbsZda9oHu-EiIdekbAzNO0-pUM5Iqj&index=4'><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49038/140491214-720ce354-e526-4599-94ec-72cdbecc2b01.png" /></a>

From there, you can start in the [First Steps to Contributing to the TypeScript Repo](./first_steps.md) consult the [Glossary](./GLOSSARY.md) or dive directly into the [`./codebase/`](./codebase) or [`./systems/`](./systems) folders.

## Compilers in General

- Learn how TypeScript works by reading the [mini-TypeScript implementation](https://github.com/sandersn/mini-typescript#mini-typescript)
- Recommended link for learning how compilers work: https://c9x.me/compile/bib/

# Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

# Legal Notices

Microsoft and any contributors grant you a license to the Microsoft documentation and other content
in this repository under the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International Public License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode),
see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file, and grant you a license to any code in the repository under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT), see the
[LICENSE-CODE](LICENSE-CODE) file.

Microsoft, Windows, Microsoft Azure and/or other Microsoft products and services referenced in the documentation
may be either trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft in the United States and/or other countries.
The licenses for this project do not grant you rights to use any Microsoft names, logos, or trademarks.
Microsoft's general trademark guidelines can be found at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=254653.

Privacy information can be found at https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/

Microsoft and any contributors reserve all other rights, whether under their respective copyrights, patents,
or trademarks, whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise.
